Add comment in README.md about go version (#53)
livebud/bud: README.md

  version  Show package versions
```

> ### `go` version
> 
> Bud relies heavily on `io/fs` and will take advantage of generics in the future, so we suggest running Go 1.18+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Requirements

The following software is required to use Bud.

- Node v14+ 
   This is a temporary requirement that we plan to remove in [v0.3](https://github.com/livebud/bud/discussions/21)   
- Go v1.16+
   Bud relies heavily on `io/fs` and will take advantage of generics in the future, so while v1.16 will work, we suggest running Go v1.18+ if you can.
```
